everyone is chilly today we'll be making
one of my favorite childhood dishes
spaghetti and meatballs super easy and
delicious almost every person on planet
earth enjoys a delicious bowl of
spaghetti and meatballs at least once a
year right right so let's get started so
I used a saute pan with high sides to
make my sauce drizzled a little bit of
olive oil and throw in my chopped onions
i sauteed the onions on medium-low heat
about three minutes make sure not to
burn them and then add in your minced
garlic after I threw in the garlic I
seasoned it with a pinch of salt and
pepper then I threw in the fresh basil
do not saute the garlic for more than 15
to 20 seconds garlic burns extremely
quickly I like to use one can of peeled
tomatoes and one can of crushed Tomatoes
you can do both cans of crushed tomatoes
but I do like the sauce to be a little
bit chunky and you won't get a chunky
sauce from a can of crushed tomatoes
poured in it add a cup of water to
loosen it up a bit
I took a potato masher or in this case a
tomato masher and I mashed up those
tomatoes even though you mash the
tomatoes you're still going to have
little chunks of tomatoes floating
around your sauce and that's what I love
ironically I hated those chunks of
tomatoes in my sauce when I was a kid I
also hated fruit chunks in my yogurt as
a kid things really change when you get
older though i season them with salt
pepper oregano and a little bit of sugar
tomatoes can be a bit sour and the sugar
will help with that some people
recommend adding half of a grated carrot
carrots are sweet but sugar works for me
I really tried looking for the lid of
this pan I couldn't find it so I use
aluminum foil and then I lowered the
heat to medium low so while the sauce
was simmering I started making my
meatballs
I used a blend of beef pork and veal I
broke it up with my fingers you may use
a fork if you don't want to use a blend
of beef pork and veal you can use beef
by itself and they will be delicious as
well here I have one slice of bread that
I placed in my food processor
I added it to my beast you can just
break it up with your fingers I threw in
some parsley fresh garlic I didn't use
onions
since the sauce already has onions I
know it has garlic too but you can never
have enough garlic an egg some milk to
moisten things up a bit a little bit of
chili powder I like the kick it gives
lots of Parmesan cheese and make sure to
season this well with salt and pepper
and now I did mention earlier that
spaghetti and meatballs was my favourite
childhood dish I used to make it all the
time by myself while I watched
Nickelodeon if you're wondering how I
made it back then towards Chef Boyardee
manhunt
truth or dare Monopoly pool Marco Polo
Doug and Rugrats
there was just no time for cooking when
I was a kid to all my young viewers
making all of these recipes you guys
seriously Rock already know if a boring
mix the meat until everything is
incorporated but make sure not to over
mix and now if you're a beginner cook
you might struggle with the salt and
pepper to taste when things are raw like
this so a little tip I could give you is
to fry a little piece like I showed you
or one meatball before you start rolling
all of them the worst thing you can do
is serve your guests under seasoned food
so that's optional to do I rolled little
meatballs like this you may make the
mess little or as big as you like
whatever size you prefer just make sure
they're all the same size so they all
cook evenly
then a skillet with some vegetable oil I
fried the meatballs for about three to
four minutes on each side over a
medium-high heat the inside will still
be raw but I like to finish cooking them
in the sauce they are pretty small so I
just rocked my skillet back and forth
and they'll just flip over on their own
if they're bigger you can always use
some tongs to flip them over my sauce
has been simmering for about 20 minutes
or so I like to add some extra fresh
basil I place the meatballs into the pan
and I let them simmer in the sauce for
an additional 20 minutes or so covered
and funny thing is I loved spaghetti and
meatballs so much as a kid then when I
went to restaurants with my parents I
would always order spaghetti and
meatballs and they would cringe oh well
I couldn't get enough alright so I
placed a spaghetti into my pan I don't
like to so
diner style diner style they just ladle
the sauce onto your pasta and they don't
completely drain the pasta so I like to
mix the pasta with the sauce
during the pasta really well I just
don't prefer it watery so this is how I
served it it was completely drenched in
the sauce which I loved and it was a bit
messy but I cleaned it off later I like
to serve three to four meatballs per
person but of course it all depends on
the actual person my brother prefers six
to seven meatballs so then I just
subtract meatballs from his girlfriend's
plate just kidding I grated some fresh
parmesan on top so this in total should
take about 45 minutes to make but it's
so worth it the kids will love it you
will love it I place two basil leaves on
top to make it look cute I hope you guys
really give this recipe a try hope you
enjoyed this video and thank you all so
much for watching